Instructions for converting storage. (#5814)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/migrating/to-service-workers/index.md

document.execCommand('copy');
```

Communicate between offscreen documents and extension service workers using [message passing](/docs/extensions/mv3/messaging/).

## Convert localStorage to chrome.storage.local {: #convert-localstorage }

The web platform's [`Storage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Storage) interface (accessible from `window.localStorage`) cannot be used in a background script. You have two options for replacing it.

* Move its calls to an [offscreen document](/docs/extensions/reference/offscreen/).
* Replace it with calls to the [`chrome.storage.local`](/docs/extensions/reference/storage/#property-local) namespace.

> In the latter case, you will still need to handle the conversion in an offscreen document.

Reviewer: Can we elaborate here? I think it's a bit unclear what we're suggesting.

Author: I left the rewrite in a suggestion to make it easier to see.

> The web platform's [`Storage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Storage) interface (accessible from `window.localStorage`) cannot be used in a background script. You have two options for replacing it.
> 
> * Move its calls to an [offscreen document](/docs/extensions/reference/offscreen/).
> * Replace it with calls to the [`chrome.storage.local`](/docs/extensions/reference/storage/#property-local) namespace.
> 
> In the latter case, you will still need to handle the conversion in an offscreen document.

Author: ```suggestion
The web platform's [`Storage`](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Storage) interface (accessible from `window.localStorage`) cannot be used in a background script. To address this:

1. Move its calls to an [offscreen document](/docs/extensions/reference/offscreen/).
1. (Optional) Replace it with calls to the [`chrome.storage.local`](/docs/extensions/reference/storage/#property-local) namespace. For details, see [the instructions](/docs/extensions/reference/storage/#can-extensions-use-storage).
```

Author: I have the anchor this links to in my local copy. I'll push it after you OK the language.

Reviewer: This looks good 👍
